docs/index.md, before:

<!-- .. WATERWATCH documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sat May  3 23:22:39 2025.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive. -->

# WATERWATCH Documentation

Welcome to the documentation page for WATERWATCH, an open-science open-source website to track worldwide drinking water temperatures.

## Getting Started

New to WATERWATCH? Check out the following links:
- [Installation Guide](development/installation.md)
- [Troubleshooting Common Issues](development/troubleshooting.md)
- [Contribution Guide](development/contribution_guide.md)
- [API Specification](api_specs/api_specs.md)

```{eval-rst}
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   reference/index
   development/frontend_docs
   api_specs/api_specs
   diagrams/diagrams
   development/installation
   development/troubleshooting
   development/contribution_guide
   development/deployment
   e2e_testing/e2e_test
   manual_testing/manual_test
   load_testing/load_test
   development/development
```

## Contributing / Reporting Issues

WATERWATCH welcomes feedback and contributions! Feel free to [open an issue](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/groups/cse2000-software-project/2024-2025/cluster-e/06c/-/issues) to report a bug or suggest a feature, check out our [contribution guide](development/contribution_guide.md) for more details on helping develop WATERWATCH further.

Commit message:

set up mobile documentation for app in the existing docs

docs/index.md, after:

<!-- .. WATERWATCH documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sat May  3 23:22:39 2025.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive. -->

# WATERWATCH Documentation

Welcome to the documentation page for WATERWATCH, an open-science open-source website to track worldwide drinking water temperatures.

```{eval-rst}
.. tip::
  This documentation pertains to the website version of WATERWATCH. If you are interested in the documentation for the mobile app version of WATERWATCH, see :ref:`Mobile App Documentation <mobile-app-section>`.
```

## Getting Started

New to WATERWATCH? Check out the following links:
- [Installation Guide](development/installation.md)
- [Troubleshooting Common Issues](development/troubleshooting.md)
- [Contribution Guide](development/contribution_guide.md)
- [API Specification](api_specs/api_specs.md)

```{eval-rst}
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Website Documentation:

   reference/index
   development/frontend_docs
   api_specs/api_specs
   diagrams/diagrams
   development/installation
   development/troubleshooting
   development/contribution_guide
   development/deployment
   e2e_testing/e2e_test
   manual_testing/manual_test
   load_testing/load_test
   development/development
```

## Contributing / Reporting Issues

WATERWATCH welcomes feedback and contributions! Feel free to [open an issue](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/groups/cse2000-software-project/2024-2025/cluster-e/06c/-/issues) to report a bug or suggest a feature, check out our [contribution guide](development/contribution_guide.md) for more details on helping develop WATERWATCH further.


```{eval-rst}
.. _mobile-app-section:
```
```{eval-rst}
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Mobile App Documentation:

   mobile_app/development
   mobile_app/installation
   mobile_app/testing

```
